CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Contributing to Nx Console

We would love for you to contribute to Nx Console! Read this document to see how to do it.

If you're new to vscode extension development, check out the [Extension API](https://code.visualstudio.com/api) docs.

## Got a Question?

We are trying to keep GitHub issues for bug reports and feature requests. Stack Overflow is a much better place to ask general questions about how to use Nx Console. You can also join the [Nrwl Community Slack](go.nrwl.io/join-slack?utm_source=nxconsole) for help.

## Prerequisites

- Install yarn: https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
- Run yarn install in the root directory

## Running the Extension locally

In order to start Nx console in development mode, the repo needs to be built. Running `yarn watch` via the terminal or using the command prompt to execute `Tasks: Run Task -> Build and watch Nx Console` will automatically generate build artifacts whenever the code changes. </br>
Use the `F5` key or the debug menu option `Launch Client + Server` to start the Extension Development Host.

> :warning: Even though builds will be generated automatically, the Extension Development Host needs to be restarted in order to apply a new set of changes.

## Submitting a PR

Please follow the following guidelines:

### Commit Message Guidelines

Commit message have to follow the [conventional commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) format. A basic example is this:

```
type: subject
BLANK LINE
body
```

#### Type

The type must be one of the following:

- build
- feat
- fix
- refactor
- style
- docs
- test
- chore
- ci
- perf
- revert

Refer to [commitizen/conventional-commit-types](https://github.com/commitizen/conventional-commit-types/blob/master/index.json) for a full explanation of each type.

#### Subject

The subject must contain a description of the change.

#### Example

```
feat: add links to angular.io to the generate screen

The generate screen shows links to docs explaining all command-line options in depth
```

### CI Checks

We have CI checks that runs the tests, builds, lints and e2e on each pull request and commit to the default branch. This uses the `affected` commands so it should be quicker than trying to run everything locally.

If you would like to run things locally, you can run the following commands:

- `yarn nx format:check` (if this fails, run `yarn nx format:write`)
- `yarn nx run-many --target=test`
- `yarn nx run-many --target=build`
- `yarn nx run-many --target=e2e`

And of course, you can use Nx Console itself to run individual tasks for whatever project you changed.

Commit message:

chore: update CONTRIBUTING.md to reflect intellij development

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing to Nx Console

We would love for you to contribute to Nx Console! Read this document to see how to do it.

If you're new to vscode extension development, check out the [Extension API](https://code.visualstudio.com/api) docs.
If you're new to IntelliJ plugin development, check out the [IntelliJ Platform SDK](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/welcome.html) docs.

## Got a Question?

We are trying to keep GitHub issues for bug reports and feature requests. Stack Overflow is a much better place to ask general questions about how to use Nx Console. You can also join the [Nrwl Community Slack](go.nrwl.io/join-slack?utm_source=nxconsole) for help.

## Prerequisites

- Install yarn: https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
- Run yarn install in the root directory

## Running the Extension locally

### VSCode

In order to start Nx Console in development mode, the repo needs to be built. Running `yarn watch` via the terminal or using the command prompt to execute `Tasks: Run Task -> Build and watch Nx Console` will automatically generate build artifacts whenever the code changes. </br>
Use the `F5` key or the debug menu option `Launch Client + Server` to start the Extension Development Host.

> :warning: Even though builds will be generated automatically, the Extension Development Host needs to be restarted in order to apply a new set of changes.

### IntelliJ

The `runIde` gradle task takes care of building Nx Console and starting a development instance of IntelliJ. Run the `nx-console [runIde]` gradle config in your IDE or use `nx run intellij:runIde` (which executes `./gradlew :apps:intellij:runIde` under the hood).

When debugging the JCEF-based generate UI, you can attach an instance of Chrome Devtools to the browser. To enable this, make sure to [set the corresponding registry key](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/jcef.html#debugging).

## Submitting a PR

Please follow the following guidelines:

### Commit Message Guidelines

Commit message have to follow the [conventional commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) format. A basic example is this:

```
type: subject
BLANK LINE
body
```

#### Type

The type must be one of the following:

- build
- feat
- fix
- refactor
- style
- docs
- test
- chore
- ci
- perf
- revert

Refer to [commitizen/conventional-commit-types](https://github.com/commitizen/conventional-commit-types/blob/master/index.json) for a full explanation of each type.

#### Subject

The subject must contain a description of the change.

#### Example

```
feat: add links to angular.io to the generate screen

The generate screen shows links to docs explaining all command-line options in depth
```

### CI Checks

We have CI checks that runs the tests, builds, lints and e2e on each pull request and commit to the default branch. This uses the `affected` commands so it should be quicker than trying to run everything locally.

If you would like to run things locally, you can run the following commands:

- `yarn nx format:check` (if this fails, run `yarn nx format:write`)
- `yarn nx run-many --target=test`
- `yarn nx run-many --target=build`
- `yarn nx run-many --target=e2e`

And of course, you can use Nx Console itself to run individual tasks for whatever project you changed.
