README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx-console/master/static/nx-console-dark.png">
        <img alt="Nx Console - The UI for Nx & Lerna" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx-console/master/static/nx-console-light.png" width="100%">
    </picture>
</p>

<div align="center">

# The UI for Nx & Lerna

**Spend less time looking up command line arguments and more time shipping incredible products.**

[![CI Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/nrwl/nx-console/ci_checks.yml?branch=master&label=CI&logo=github&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-console/actions/workflows/ci_checks.yml)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/nrwl.angular-console?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nrwl/nx-console?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-console/blob/master/LICENSE)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/nrwl.angular-console?style=flat-square)
[![Visual Studio Code Support](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-%5E1.71.0-blue?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode)](https://code.visualstudio.com)

</div>

<hr>

<picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx-console/master/static/nx-console-ui-dark.png">
        <img alt="Nx Console - The UI for Nx & Lerna" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx-console/master/static/nx-console-ui-light.png" width="100%">
    </picture>

## Why Nx Console?

Developers use both command-line tools and user interfaces. They commit in the terminal, but resolve conflicts in Visual
Studio Code or WebStorm. They use the right tool for the job.

Nx is a command-line tool, which works great when you want to serve an application or generate a simple component. But
it falls short once you start doing advanced things.

For instance:

- Exploring custom generator collections is hard in the terminal, but it's easy using Nx Console.
- Using rarely-used flags is challenging. Do you pass absolute or relative paths? You don't have to remember any flags,
  names or paths - Nx Console will help you by providing autocompletion and validating your inputs.
- Context-switching between your IDE and the browser is annoying. With Nx Console, you can view the nx graph right in
  VSCode!

Nx Console does all that and more!

## Download

You can install Nx Console in the following places:

- [Nx Console for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console) from the
  Visual Studio Marketplace.
- [Nx Console for JetBrains](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/21060-nx-console) from the JetBrains Marketplace

### Jetbrains WSL support

The Node interpreter under **Languages & Frameworks** > **Node.js** needs to be configured to use the Node executable
within the WSL distribution.
You can read more on
the [official Jetbrains docs](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/how-to-use-wsl-development-environment-in-product.html#ws_wsl_node_interpreter_configure).

## True UI for Nx & Lerna

Nx Console is the UI for all Nx workspaces. It works for any generator or any architect commands. Nx Console does not
have a specific UI for, say, generating a component. Instead, Nx Console does what the command-line version of Nx does -
it analyzes the same meta information to create the needed UI. This means that anything you can do with Nx, you can do
with Nx Console. After all, Nx Console is the UI for Nx.

## Useful for Both Experts and Beginners

Even though we started building Nx Console as a tool for experts, we also aimed to make Nx Console a great tool for
developers who are new to development or Nx. You can create projects, interact with your editor, run generators and
commands and install extensions without ever touching the terminal or having to install any node packages globally.
Also, Nx Console highlights the properties you are likely to use for built-in generators and commands, so if you haven't
used the CLI, you don't get overwhelmed.

# Learn More

- [Documentation](https://nx.dev/core-features/integrate-with-editors) - Official documentation with video tutorials
- [nx.dev](http://nx.dev) - Documentation, Guides and Interactive Tutorials on Nx
- [Learn more about the team at Nrwl](https://nx.app/company) - The team at Nrwl led the development of Nx Console,
  after working with many Enterprise clients.

# Contributing

Please read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-console/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). Pick one of
the issues from
the [good first issue](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-console/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
list to get started.

Commit message:

chore: update readme with new screenshot & discord link (#1871)

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx-console/master/static/nx-console-dark.png">
        <img alt="Nx Console - The UI for Nx & Lerna" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx-console/master/static/nx-console-light.png" width="100%">
    </picture>
</p>

<div align="center">

# The UI for Nx & Lerna

**Spend less time looking up command line arguments and more time shipping incredible products.**

[![CI Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/nrwl/nx-console/ci_checks.yml?branch=master&label=CI&logo=github&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-console/actions/workflows/ci_checks.yml)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/nrwl.angular-console?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nrwl/nx-console?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-console/blob/master/LICENSE)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/nrwl.angular-console?style=flat-square)
[![Visual Studio Code Support](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-%5E1.71.0-blue?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode)](https://code.visualstudio.com)

</div>

<hr>

<picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx-console/master/static/nx-console-ui-dark.png">
        <img alt="Nx Console - The UI for Nx & Lerna" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx-console/master/static/nx-console-ui-light.png" width="100%">
    </picture>

## Why Nx Console?

Developers use both command-line tools and user interfaces. They commit in the terminal, but resolve conflicts in Visual
Studio Code or WebStorm. They use the right tool for the job.

Nx is a command-line tool, which works great when you want to serve an application or generate a simple component. But
it falls short once you start doing advanced things.

For instance:

- Exploring custom generator collections is hard in the terminal, but it's easy using Nx Console.
- Using rarely-used flags is challenging. Do you pass absolute or relative paths? You don't have to remember any flags,
  names or paths - Nx Console will help you by providing autocompletion and validating your inputs.
- Context-switching between your IDE and the browser is annoying. With Nx Console, you can view the nx graph right in
  VSCode!

Nx Console does all that and more!

## Download

You can install Nx Console in the following places:

- [Nx Console for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console) from the
  Visual Studio Marketplace.
- [Nx Console for JetBrains](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/21060-nx-console) from the JetBrains Marketplace

### Jetbrains WSL support

The Node interpreter under **Languages & Frameworks** > **Node.js** needs to be configured to use the Node executable
within the WSL distribution.
You can read more on
the [official Jetbrains docs](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/how-to-use-wsl-development-environment-in-product.html#ws_wsl_node_interpreter_configure).

## True UI for Nx & Lerna

Nx Console is the UI for all Nx workspaces. It works for any generator or any architect commands. Nx Console does not
have a specific UI for, say, generating a component. Instead, Nx Console does what the command-line version of Nx does -
it analyzes the same meta information to create the needed UI. This means that anything you can do with Nx, you can do
with Nx Console. After all, Nx Console is the UI for Nx.

## Useful for Both Experts and Beginners

Even though we started building Nx Console as a tool for experts, we also aimed to make Nx Console a great tool for
developers who are new to development or Nx. You can create projects, interact with your editor, run generators and
commands and install extensions without ever touching the terminal or having to install any node packages globally.
Also, Nx Console highlights the properties you are likely to use for built-in generators and commands, so if you haven't
used the CLI, you don't get overwhelmed.

# Learn More

- [Documentation](https://nx.dev/core-features/integrate-with-editors) - Official documentation with video tutorials
- [nx.dev](http://nx.dev) - Documentation, Guides and Interactive Tutorials on Nx
- [Join the community](http://go.nx.dev/community) - Chat about Nx & Nx Console on the official discord server
- [Learn more about the team at Nx](https://nx.app/company) - The team at Nx led the development of Nx Console,
  after working with many Enterprise clients.

# Contributing

Please read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-console/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). Pick one of
the issues from
the [good first issue](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-console/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
list to get started.
